Access to osf, right? So what this means for you guys is that you'll be responsible for downloading and printing the materials as lab leaders.
And on this note one little detail that I do want to point out is that after you download the handouts, but before you print the you know the study one is study 2 handouts please remember to fill in the the briefing sheets for both studies.
With your name and your email as the contact person. And I've actually highlighted it in yellow.
So you won't miss it if you open the documents, and the reason for this is because you don't want the student participants to be contacting the experimenters if they have questions right, because they wouldn't be able to answer them.
So you want yourselves to be the contact person for any potential student questions.
So, yeah, you can print them out. And then the other thing is, you can hand it to them, but have the debriefing sheets upside down right because you obviously don't want the the experimenters to accidentally see what's on the debriefing sheet so everything else you can have
The right right way up, but the briefing sheet. You can have it upside down, and just trust the experimenters not to look at it.
Of course you want to instruct them as well not to look at it.
The other thing is, please be mindful of to to be be mindful to have all of the measures at the end on separate sheets. Right?
So please don't use double-sided printing.
So if you think of the methodology at the very end like this, measure, a measure measure C. If you look at the the way that is being framed in the procedure section, it's always one after the other.
Right. It's it's not like A, B and C, together on the same piece of paper. Right?
So just be mindful of that. So don't do double-sided printing.
Have them on separate sheets, where applicable, and at the final little thing is, for I think the demographic item, because it's so small you can actually fit like 5 rows on the same page.
So what you could do is do that, and then you can cut them up into 5 pieces just to save paper if you want, so I'll lead those little details to you guys.
The other reminder is for study 2. I just like to remind you that the 3 periods for so the 3 globalization periods for all participants, regardless of their condition, must be reported.
Call.
And the reason for this is because we don't want any of the groups or any of the conditions to feel differentially treated.
Okay. So we don't want that to be a confounding factor.
Of course you already know that the practice periods and the initial suppression period recordings can be immediately discarded just because they're won't be using the coding.
And just to find a reminder, that expression instructions need to be given for the final period for participants in both conditions, right and the reason why I'm bringing this up is because in the original Vegna study in 1987, it's actually it was actually a Crossover design whereby for one
condition. It was suppression, followed by expression. The other condition is expression, followed by suppression.
So we've actually refined this process or refined this procedure just because we wanted to get rid of the confounding effects of practice.
So, and fatigue. So I do want to just remind you guys that the second period, for both, or sorry the last period, just to you, raise any confusion for both conditions must be both expression condition.
Yes, expression instructions, the other unlikely problem that might prop up is, it is possible that the initial interator agreement levels from some labs are less than X excellent, excellent in quotation marks.
And what this means simply, mathematically. The Icc.
The intra correlation coefficient falls below 0 point 7 5.
So here we're not talking about the suspicion.
Pro quoting. We're talking about the actual results clothing.
So, for example, if the 2 experimenters we'll need to decide, and they do.
If they if they're in the process of deciding how many times the target thought has been mentioned by the participant in, say, period to of study 2.
And after listening to the audio recording experiment that says experimental one says 7 times, an experiment to 2, says 8 times, that would be counted as a discrepancy.
Now, of course, that would obviously initially engage in some initial discussions to kind of, you know try to reach an agreement, and and you know, 99% of the time they will be able to do that.
But yeah, so sometimes, unfortunately, they won't be able to reach an initial agreement.
So this is when you guys will have to step in and hopefully resolve the disagreement internally, but in the unlikely event, like, I said in the very unlikely event that for some reason you can't reach an agreement.
And I suspect it's gonna be only little, very little things like pronunciation differences.
And and it differences in interpreting different pronunciations and stuff like that.
So, yeah, if if, how? If for some reason the Icc force below 0 point 7 5, please just flag it to me as early as you can, and and then I will in response try to, you know, arrange a meeting, and you know we'll go from there a final point.
That I would like to allow you to is, please make sure that for study one, the video recording only captures the PC screen and not the participant.
The reason why I'm flagging this up is because in a very old, in a very early version of the pre data manuscript, we actually mistakenly put down PC screen and side view of participant when in fact, that's wrong, and it should be PC, screen only okay, so I
Think this probably only pertains to a ha like maybe a couple of you who have joined the project very early on, and had access to the very early version of the the pre data manuscript on osf, but most of you should have the correct version I've corrected it.
In the current version, of course. So yeah, just make sure that the the the video recording only captures the PC screen.
And this is obviously for confidentiality purposes. So you know, we don't want the patches spent to feel uncomfortable, or that they can be identified somehow.
It's probably easier, but ethics to get past as well.
So, yeah, please note that down. And if any of what I just said isn't making sense, please do just have another look over the relevant documents.
If you haven't already. You know the predominant manuscript, the method and script files, and the the the excel files.
And yeah, hopefully, everything would make sense. You can then train.
Your experimenters. And yeah, and then we can go from there.
Now, before we wrap things up, can I just get a show of hands? If any of you are from non English speaking labs
I do. Yeah.
Yeah, okay. So there's at least couple of a couple of you.
So.
Okay, so we need to translate the experiment. Yeah.
Yes, yes, so. So if you are from a non English speaking lab, I just want to ask you to stay behind for a few extra minutes, but if you are from an English speaking lab, this is pretty much it before I let you guys go, though, I just want to go over some noteworthy questions, that
I have received in the last couple of briefing sessions, just to preempt any you know, overlapping questions.
Yes, and the reason why is because if you had Loop had a look at the little section in the methodology section of the predominant manuscript that actually recommends that you combine the 2 experiments into one experiment with experiment one versus 2 as an additional business variable okay and
The reason for this is because it just makes it more convenient in the improvement process, so that you don't accidentally have any participants.
Do both studies? Because obviously, we don't want that right.
We don't want them to do this, but do both studies, because then they won't be naive anymore.
So hopefully that makes sense. If it doesn't, I've got a very short paragraph that explains this.
In in the pre data manuscript. So yeah, have the 2 study run at the same time.
I had another real similar question that asked, do the different experiments have to do the 2 separate studies differently?
To, the How do you allocate layer?
But does the does one experiment do study one and one experiment to do? Study?
2. This one is up to you. You can have both studies run by both experimenters this is such a little detail that I'll just leave up to you for me.
I just think it's probably more. It's probably easier if if one of them do study one and one of them do study 2.
The other question that I received was, Can I go over the methodology, especially for study?
One right, the the the the methodology for study. One is somewhat complex, and, like I said earlier, everything is laid out in the the methodology sections in the relevant documents.
So that's why I I didn't want to kind of involve this in the agenda for today.
Even if it doesn't make sense in your first week, it it'll probably just take another couple of reads for it to make sense.
And worst case scenario. You can always go back to the original study from Vegna, and indeed, you know I I do understand where some of us are coming from.
The design for study. One is rather complex. I felt the same way when I was making sense of the live like the nitty-gritty details in the 90 92 study.
I really do wish I could just clarify things for everyone verbally, and everything it wrong would just magically have the heads around the concept and the design.
But, as you probably know, study one is one of those study designs where me, going through the design verbally might actually just make it even more confusing for you guys.
So I'm sure some of you know what I'm talking about here.
So, yeah, I I do genuinely just suggest weeding it.
Yeah, it. It's one of those studies that you'll probably take a little bit of time to get your head around the some aspects of the design.
So, yeah, does anyone have any additional questions, or would like me to clarify anything
Okay, no questions. Oh, one. I had a fun hand up. Sorry my zoom is playing up on me.
Hold on!
Brazil. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm seeing a hand up, but I can't
Yeah, it's yeah. It's me, Adam Brazil.
Okay. Hi, Rosa.
Yeah, I, I just, I am just thinking of giving a suggestion when you said that we need to screen a record.
The PC. There's also an app. Maybe most of us are familiar with it.
So, instead of installing, you know, a manual camera to capture the PC screen, there's some apps available that we can install.
Yeah. Yes.
And then when we record, you know, we just yeah. So I think that's also possible option
That's it. That's a really good question. I think we had this the same question from previous record previous session, and the answers to that is, you can do it as long as the the software also captures sound right?
So I know that there are some I don't know what you call it.
Specifically, I think it's just called screen capture.
So it captures the screen content, and sometimes it also captures the the sound right?
So you just have to make sure that it captures both because we we do need to code for what the participant says.
So if that works for you, then. Great, that's what we need to to to capture. But for me, like I said, I just prefer the old fashioned way of recording from a and another device just to be safe
Yeah. Thanks for the question. Alright. Any other questions.
Okay, then. So if there's no more questions, then I guess now your immediate tasks just simply obtaining ethics approval.
That would be the most urgent matter, and then recruiting the the experimenters while you're waiting for ethics.
And yeah, just just good luck with these. I I do love that.
Everything goes swiftly and smoothly, and I do look forward to receiving the relevant updates.
In the months to come. Now, if you are from an English speaking lab, you can feel free to just leave the session.
Now, as I talk to those from the Non English speaking labs regarding translation.
So yeah, thanks, thanks guys for for coming
Thank you.
Thanks. Alexander
Thanks.
Alright, I think, said
Alright. So for for you guys from the non English speaking labs, essentially, what I'll do is I will read out the relevant sections that we included in the approved manuscript and along the way I will elaborate where applicable and
So.
Yeah.
Okay, so there's not many of you. There's is this a few of you from a couple of you from Indonesia, a few of you from China, a couple of you
Yes, sure, so, my Sally here is from on path. So we are in the same lab.
Actually, yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool. Cool. So from really, just 2 countries.
Alright. So what I'll do is I'll just go through the relevant sections like I said so.
The first bit says no, that the investigators from participating labs in non-english speaking countries were responsible for conducting a translation of the study materials, including instructions and stimuli.
English, conjunction with guidance from the proposing investigated team.
Specifically each lab identified 2 bilingual researchers.
Or collaborators who are fluent in English, we're both fluent in English and the target language, but also knowledgeable of the theory and buah blah blah, right? So this first section is a bit of a mouthful.
But to summarize, I guess the take-home message is ideally looks to translate.
Should include yourself, and, for instance, a colleague was student of yours.
Now before you knock this down, it probably won't pertain to you guys, because, you know, for you guys in in in China and Indonesia, we have at least 2 labs right, 2 or more labs in these countries.
So you probably don't need a second colleague or second individual.
Okay.
To to, to do the translations. You can actually do cross lab translation, effort, and I'll elaborate on this point a bit more.
The second part says, each researcher conducts a conducted independent translations of the study materials and then conducted a formal side by side.
Comparison of the transitions identified any inconsistencies and resolved them in a consultation meeting with the lead investigators.
Now this bit is also quite straightforward, you just need to do the translations, discuss any discrepancies amongst yourselves, and agree on a final version, and if there are anything that's unresolvable, any inconsistencies for some reason just please get in touch and then we can resolve them
Together. Now this is this next video where I want to elaborate.
So where multiple labs were to conduct the replication using the same target language.
For example, different labs from universities in Germany. We asked the labs to pull their resources and conduct the consultation meeting across the labs.
Using video conferencing wherever possible. So this means that as long as there is at least one other lab from your country who's also helping with this project, which in your case, yes, is that that is the case.
You guys will just need to meet by zoom with each other to sort out the matters yourselves.
For example, I I don't know how many labs there are from Indonesia.
I feel like there's about 3 or 4, and then for China, I think it's 5 or 6.
So, for instance, for in the in the Chinese case, if there's 5 labs, for instance, there might be 10 different lab leaders, right?
So a amongst the 10 of you, you might need to nominate 2 of the best.
I wouldn't say best but 2 of the 10 researchers, with the best translation of ability to do the translations, how you do that I'll lead that up to you, and then, you know, if there are any discrepancies, the rest.
So the remaining 8 Lab leaders can then chip in to help arrive at a final agreed upon version.
Does that make sense? Yeah, so it does definitely saves a lot of labor.
You don't need to find, you know. A a second translate it yourself.
You can just work a month. The already existing lab leaders.
So yeah, that's pretty much it for today. Guys, I will send you all the email addresses of all lab leaders in your country right after this meeting.
And then you guys, can, you know, get started on setting up the trans translation meetings yourselves once the translations are done, please do send me the transferred stimuli so that I can have.
That is embedded into the psychopipe program, and then I'll send you the URL, the the web link, so that you can use it to run the experiments.
Okay, so this is pretty much it. Then any questions
Nope.
Oh, maybe just one more detail question for me, Adam, so you'd we don't need to do the backward and translation correct.
No, I think we mentioned explicitly in the pre data manuscript that the traditional way to do it was, you know, that translation method.
But then that wasn't really sensitive to a lot of the, you know.
Regional, vernaculars, and and some of the new ones.
The differences. Yeah, yeah, if there's anything that you're not sure of, there's, I think there's a long paragraph on. I think, page 9 of the pre data manuscript. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, and and also there is no requirement that we should consult to a native speaker. Right?
No requirement as long as like. I said, the the only requirement is you is really just what's listed like so pretty much what I've just read.
So, if you have 2 bilingual researchers who, who meets the criteria right?
So familiar with. You know the the theory, and things like that.
So we we okay.
It should work. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Great question. Thanks. So is that all of the questions, does anyone else have any questions
Well, thanks.
Oh, I think it's enough. Thank you for leaving for mention. Item.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, great. So I guess I'll say the same thing to you guys again.
You know your immediate tasks. Just obtaining ethics, approval.
That will probably be the most urgent one, and then recruiting the experimenters and doing the translations.
In the meantime. So yeah, good luck with these. And I do a part of everything go as well.
And I look forward to your updates in the month to come.
So I will be sending out the recording links.
Sorry the links to the this recording, and then also the email.
Lists for the the the other potential translators or lab leaders in in your country.
Right after this. Alright. So that's it for today.
Guys. Thanks a lot for coming
Bye, bye.
Thank you.
Okay. It's not. I am
Yeah.
Thank you.Good day.